Adds changelog for remote bindings beta (#23105)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-06-18-remote-bindings-beta.mdx

---

> title: Remote bindings public beta - Connect to remote resources during local development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Remote bindings public beta - Connect to remote resources (D1, KV, R2, etc.) during local development
```

suggest maybe referencing a few to orient reader around what a resource is

> description: We are excited to introduce beta support for remote bindings for local development, allowing you to connect to deployed resources like R2 buckets and D1 databases, all while running your Worker code on your local machine.

Reviewer: Can drop the "we are excited to..."

```suggestion
description: You can now connect to R2 buckets, D1 databases, and other resources running on Cloudflare, while running your Worker's code locally, on your own machine.
```

products:
  - workers
date: 2025-06-18T01:00:00Z
---

import { WranglerConfig, Aside } from "~/components";

> Today [we announced the public beta](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/discussions/9660) of [remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) for local development: allowing you to connect to deployed resources like R2 buckets and D1 databases while running your Worker code on your local machine. This means you can test your local code changes against real data and services, without the overhead of deploying for each iteration.

Reviewer 2: With [remote bindings](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings), you can now connect to deployed resources like (R2 buckets)[/r2/] and [D1 databases](/d1/) while running Worker code on your local machine. This means you can test your local code changes against real data and services, without the overhead of deploying for each iteration.

## Example configuration

> To specify which bindings you'd like to connect to remotely, simply add the `"experimental_remote" : true` setting in your Wrangler configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable remote mode, add `"experimental_remote" : true` to each binding that you want to rely on a remote resource running on Cloudflare:
```

to clarify that this is something you enable on a per-binding basis

<WranglerConfig>

```jsonc title="wrangler.jsonc"
{
	"name": "my-worker",
	"compatibility_date": "$today",

	"r2_buckets": [
		{
			"bucket_name": "screenshots-bucket",
			"binding": "screenshots_bucket",
			"experimental_remote": true,
		},
	],
}
```

</WranglerConfig>

> When remote bindings are configured, your Worker **still executes locally**, but all binding calls are proxied to the deployed resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When remote bindings are configured, your Worker **still executes locally**, but all binding calls are proxied to the deployed resource that runs on Cloudflare's network.
```

**You can try out remote bindings for local development today with:**

- [Wrangler v4.20.3](/workers/development-testing/#using-wrangler-with-remote-bindings): Use the `wrangler dev --x-remote-bindings command`.
- The [Cloudflare Vite Plugin](/workers/development-testing/#using-vite-with-remote-bindings): Refer to the documentation for how to enable in your Vite config.
- The [Cloudflare Vitest Plugin](/workers/development-testing/#using-vitest-with-remote-bindings): Refer to the documentation for how to enable in your Vitest config.

<Aside type="tip">
	Learn more and provide feedback in [our beta

> 	announcement](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/discussions/9660).

Reviewer 2: think this is less of an aside type? and more of a section header -- something like: 

**Have feedback?** 
Join the discussion in our [beta announcement](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/discussions/9660) to share feedback or report any issues.

Author: Makes sense! Thanks!
